<div class="row">
    <div class="column small-12 padding-top-double">

<h2>CIS3 Executive Meetings</h2>
<h3>22 Oct 2014</h3>
<h4>Attendance</h4>
	<ul>
		<li>Shiv</li>
		<li>Marcel</li>
		<li>Andrew</li>
		<li>Brandon D</li>
		<li>Raj</li>
		<li>Brandon C</li>
		<li>Mohammad</li>
		<li>Priyash</li>
		<li>Johnny</li>
		<li>Ryan</li>
		<li>Amanda</li>
		<li>Nicole</li>
		<li>Michael</li>
		<li>Kathy</li>
		<li>Will F</li>
	</ul>
	<h4>Meeting Notes</h4>
	<ul>
		<li>Will - begin annual report notes</li>
		<li>Priyash - appointed to Senior Vice President</li>
		<li>Will C. Needs to sign Club Change of Executive form</li>
		<li>Will - Add Photo adding ability to cis3.org</li>
		<li>Project #OculusRazor
	<ul>
		<li>Raise money for club by accepting donations for ride on oculus rift roller coaster / other short games</li>
		<li>Need volunteers</li>
		<li>Need Laptops</li>
		<li>Need to reserve spot in main hallway (near outlets!)</li>
		<li>Within next two weeks (before November 14th?)</li>
	</ul>
	</li>
		<li>Kareoke Night
	<ul>
		<li>Find 2 other willing clubs
	<ul>
		<li>Raj mentioned HR Club</li>
		<li>Club Nerd? / SSB Club?</li>
	</ul>
	</li>
	</ul>
	</li>
		<li>Social Good - Uniting the club for a good cause, more ideas needed.
	<ul>
		<li>Volunteering at food bank?</li>
	</ul>
	</li>
		<li>Send out doodle for best times for meetings</li>
	</ul>
	<h3>17 Sept 2014</h3>
	<h4>Attendance</h4>
	<ul>
		<li>Marcel</li>
		<li>Shiv</li>
		<li>Will</li>
		<li>Nicole</li>
		<li>Brandon</li>
		<li>Johnny</li>
		<li>Priyash</li>
	</ul>
	<h4>Meeting Notes</h4>
	<ul>
		<li>Elections coming up Oct 8th</li>
		<li>Need list of positions to fill</li>
		<li>Elections will be hosted on Facebook</li>
		<li>Activity to be set up DDR / Smash Bros night.
	<ul>
		<li>Will - get projectors</li>
		<li>Brandon - get food</li>
		<li>Nicole - get DDR mats</li>
		<li>Ryan - get xbox / guitar hero</li>
		<li>Shiv - get N64's / Gamecubes</li>
	</ul>
	</li>
	</ul>
	<h3>17 Nov 2014</h3>
	<h4>Attendees</h4>
	<ol>
		<li>Amanda</li>
		<li>Marcel</li>
		<li>Ryan</li>
		<li>Shiv</li>
		<li>Brandon</li>
		<li>Will F</li>
		<li>Charley</li>
		<li>Nicole</li>
		<li>Priyash</li>
	</ol>
	<h4>Meeting Notes</h4>
	<ul>
		<li>Nicole
	<ul>
		<li>posters</li>
		<li>will - send her jon's email</li>
		<li>bluetooth speaker</li>
	</ul>
	</li>
		<li>Will
	<ul>
		<li>send out link for the download to the volunteers</li>
		<li>Power bars &amp; extension cord &amp; tape &amp; leatherman</li>
		<li>CIS3 brochures</li>
	</ul>
	</li>
		<li>Ryan
	<ul>
		<li>rent the tv</li>
	</ul>
	</li>
	</ul>
	Computers -
	<ul>
		<li>Michael - Tower, Keyboard - monitor?</li>
		<li>Will - MSI Laptop</li>
		<li>Tyler - laptop</li>
		<li>Will C - tower</li>
	</ul>
	<ul>
		<li>Oculus - Amanda &amp; Mohamed</li>
	</ul>
	<h3>26 Nov 2014</h3>
	<h4>Attendees</h4>
	<ol>
		<li>Amanda</li>
		<li>Ryan</li>
		<li>Brandon D</li>
		<li>Will F</li>
		<li>Nicole</li>
		<li>Priyash</li>
		<li>Rylan</li>
	</ol>
	<h4>Meeting Notes</h4>
	<ul>
		<li>Concern over meeting attendance - some executive members have not attended a meeting yet this year
	<ul>
		<li>Must be notified in writing per our constitution</li>
	</ul>
	</li>
		<li>Senior Vice President Role must be added to Constitution
	<ul>
		<li>Priyash to assume responsibilities from VP</li>
	</ul>
	</li>
		<li>Brandon to do balance inquiry to get current level of funds for club</li>
		<li>New logo competition being held - submissions open - Raj built a page on the CIS3.org page - vote to be held at Secret Santa</li>
		<li>New logo will be printed on vinyl banner from oculus razor income for future events</li>
		<li>Future fundraising - compile list of companies/people to call</li>
		<li>Textbooks - Amanda to look into purchasing a few new textbooks for the club</li>
		<li>Kareoke in the new year
	<ul>
		<li>Wiki pg for the event &amp; other clubs to join in / ask to come.</li>
	</ul>
	</li>
	</ul>
	<h3>8 Jan 2015</h3>
	<h4>Attendance</h4>
	<ol>
		<li>Amanda</li>
		<li>Nicole</li>
		<li>Nolan</li>
		<li>Mike</li>
		<li>Aman</li>
		<li>Alex</li>
		<li>Johnny</li>
		<li>Coulton</li>
		<li>Mike</li>
		<li>Brandon C</li>
		<li>Phil</li>
		<li>Ryan</li>
		<li>Juliana</li>
	</ol>
	<h4>>Meeting Notes</h4>
	<ul>
		<li>Karaoke
	<ul>
		<li>Nicole - inviting people (the 21st) and going to the hub</li>
	</ul>
	</li>
		<li>Oculus
	<ul>
		<li>Ryan - set up doodle for time, wiki for organization</li>
	</ul>
	</li>
		<li>Banner
	<ul>
		<li>Julianne &amp; Coulton getting quotes (Marc works at a print shop)</li>
	</ul>
	</li>
		<li>HTML 500
	<ul>
		<li>Volunteers:
	<ul>
		<li>Alex</li>
		<li>Aman</li>
		<li>Priyash</li>
		<li>Will</li>
	</ul>
	</li>
		<li>Meeting with Ricardo Monday the 19th (ish)</li>
	</ul>
	</li>
		<li>Website Update
	<ul>
		<li>Alex added to repo contributers: github.com/fowlerwill/cis3</li>
	</ul>
	</li>
		<li>Networking
	<ul>
		<li>Priyash - Setting up Google doc</li>
	</ul>
	</li>
	</ul>
	<h3>19 Jan 2015</h3>
	<h4>Attendees</h4>
	<ol>
		<li>Ricardo</li>
		<li>Will</li>
		<li>Priyash</li>
		<li>Nicole</li>
		<li>Brandon</li>
	</ol>
	<h4>Meeting Notes</h4>
	<ul>
		<li>HTML 500
	<ul>
		<li>Need 3-4 more volunteers, Ricardo will be handling the morning shift</li>
	</ul>
	</li>
		<li>Networking Event
	<ul>
		<li>Tenative date: <b>March 19th</b> - Will to call Local 002 for reservation</li>
		<li>Companies to call
	<ul>
		<li>Critical Mass</li>
		<li>Longview</li>
		<li>Hitachi ID</li>
		<li>Mt Royal Department</li>
		<li>Alumni Services - Ricardo will email these guys</li>
	</ul>
	</li>
	</ul>
	</li>
		<li>Outreach Event Ideas
	<ul>
		<li>Learn to code - politicians / ranchers / educators</li>
		<li>Mac vs PC debate in Wyckam House.</li>
	</ul>
	</li>
		<li>Will - attend advisory committee Feb 25th</li>
	</ul>
	<h3>2 Feb 2015</h3>
	<h4>Attendees</h4>
	<ol>
		<li>Jennifer Richardson</li>
		<li>Will</li>
		<li>Priyash</li>
		<li>Nicole</li>
		<li>Brandon C</li>
		<li>Amanda</li>
	</ol>
	<h4>Meeting Notes</h4>
	<ul>
		<li>1 pg max to apply</li>
		<li>submit ideas</li>
		<li>showcase</li>
		<li>criteria - impress the judges the most</li>
		<li>screenshots, mock up, etc</li>
		<li>prizes - ez robots</li>
		<li>1st place,</li>
		<li>runner up</li>
		<li>peoples choice</li>
		<li>march 10th</li>
		<li>5 or 6 groups in the theatre - ez robot demo - in the theatre</li>
		<li>3 min presentation 2 min questions</li>
		<li>name, product, what does it do, &amp; how can the community help</li>
	</ul>
	<ul>
		<li>Amanda to start email template for sponsors</li>
	</ul>
</div>
</div>

